Top.gg Privacy Policy
Updated on: May 25, 2018

Welcome to Dbots. Your privacy is important to us. Dbots B.V. and its affiliates ("Dbots", "top.gg", "us", "our" or "we") are dedicated to protecting the privacy rights of our users ("users" or "you"). This Privacy Policy (the "Policy") describes the ways we collect, store, use, and manage the information, including personal information, that you provide or we collect in connection with our websites, including top.gg, and www.top.gg/api/docs (the "Sites") or any top.gg website(s) provided on a mobile platform (for example, iOS and Android) (collectively, the "Service").

Please note that the scope of this Policy is limited to information collected or received by Dbots through your use of the Service. Dbots is not responsible for the actions of third party people or companies, the content of their sites, the use of information you provide to them, or any products or services they may offer. Any link to those sites does not constitute our sponsorship of, or affiliation with, those people or companies.

By using the Service, you are expressing your agreement to this Policy and the processing of your data, including your personal information, in the manner provided in this Policy. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use the Service.

Information Collection
When you interact with us through the Services, we may collect information from you, as further described below:

Information Provided by You: We collect information from you when you voluntarily provide such information, such as when you register for access to the Services or use certain Services. Information we collect may include but not be limited to username, profile photo, links to your profiles on social networking websites and other third party sites, user names and e-mail and mail addresses.

Data We Collect Automatically: When you interact with us through the Services, we receive and store certain information such as an IP address, device ID, and your activities within the Services. We may store such information or such information may be included in databases owned and maintained by affiliates, agents or service providers. We may also conduct research on our customer demographics, interests and behaviour based on the information collected. We may share this aggregated data with our affiliates, agents and business partners.

You may connect a social networking service (SNS) such as Facebook or Twitter to your Dbots account, allowing us to obtain information from those accounts (e.g., your friends or contacts).

We employ cookies and similar technologies to keep track of your local computer's settings.

We use technologies such as web beacons and single-pixel gifs to record log data such as open rates for emails sent by the system.

We use third party web site analytic tools such as Google Analytics.

Advertising platforms, which include Twitter and Facebook (and whose SDKs are integrated within our Service), may collect information for optimizing advertising campaigns outside of the Service.

Location of your Data
The Company is based in the Netherlands and in the United States. No matter where you are located, you consent to the processing and transferring of your information in and to the U.S., Europe and other countries.

Use of information
We use the information you provide in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. Our main reason for the processing of personal data is to meet our contractual obligations to our users, or to take steps at users' request in anticipation of entering into a contract with them.

We handle personal data on the ground that it furthers our legitimate interests. This includes:

Providing a safe and enjoyable user experience.

Customer service.

Marketing, e.g., sending emails or other communications to let you know about new features.

Protecting our users, personnel, and property.

Analysing and improving our business.

Processing job applications.

Managing legal issues.

We also handle personal data on the basis of your implied or express consent where required by law.

Disclosure of information
The Company is not in the business of selling your information. There are, however, certain circumstances in which we may share your information with certain third parties:

Business Transfers: Your information may be part of the transferred assets in the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, bankruptcy, dissolution or similar event.

Consent: We may transfer your information with your consent.

Related Companies: We may share your information with our Related Companies.

Agents, Consultants and Related Third Parties: We hire other companies or individuals to perform certain business-related functions (e.g., maintaining databases and processing payments).

Legal Requirements: We may disclose your information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a legal obligation, protect the rights or property of the Company, protect personal safety, or protect against legal liability.

Our Policy Regarding Children
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to use our Service. If you are under 13, please do not send any information about yourself to us. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible.